did Beyonce start becoming popular?
did Beyonce leave Destiny's Child and become a solo singer?
did Beyoncé rise to fame?
did Beyoncé release Dangerously in Love?
did Beyonce take a hiatus in her career and take control of her management?
did Destiny's Child end their group act?
did Beyonce get her name from?
did Beyoncé begin to manage the girl group?
did Destiny's Child get their name from?
did Destiny's Child release their second album?
did Destiny's Child announce their hiatus?
did Beyoncé release her first solo album?
did Destiny's Child get their star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
did Beyonce begin her second world tour?
did Beyoncé get married?
did Beyonce donate her salary from the movie Cadillac Records?
did Beyoncé perform on January 20, 2009?
did she stop using her father as a manager?
did this leak happen?
did Beyonce perform in 2011?
was Beyonce's forth album released?
did she perform at the Roseland ballroom?
was 4 released?
did Beyoncé perform for four nights of standing room only concerts in 2011?
did Beyonce have her first child?
did Beyonce give birth to her first child?
did Beyonce have her first child?
did Beyoncé give birth to a daughter?
was Blue Ivy born?
was Beyoncé's first public performance after giving birth?
did Destiny's Child release its album "Love Songs"?
did Destiny's Child release Love Songs?
did the tour begin?
did Beyonce release her 5th album to a huge surprise?
did Beyonce get her fifth consecutive number one hit album?
was the album released?
did Beyoncé release her fifth studio album?
did Beyoncé release Formation?
did Beyoncé exclusively release her single, Formation?
did Beyonce become pregnant?
were Beyonce and Jay Z married?
was Beyonce when she became pregnant?
were Beyoncé and Jay Z married?
did Beyoncé get pregnant?
did she announce her pregnancy?
did Beyoncé announce her pregnancy?
did Beyoncé give birth to her daughter?
did Beyoncé endorse on March 26, 2013?
was Beyonce quoted as saying that she is a modern-day feminist?
did she say the she is a feminist?
did Beyonce sign a letter for ONE Campaign?
will they meet?
did she and Jay Z become the highest paid black celebrity couple?
did Beyoncé become the highest paid black musician, ever?
did Jay Z and Beyoncé become the first music couple worth over a billion dollars?
did Beyonce become the first African American woman to win Pop songwriter of the year?
does she place in writing credits for three number one songs?
did she perform wearing Baker's hula skirt?
did Suga Mama band make their first appearance?
did The Mamas make their debut?
did Beyoncé introduce Sasha Fierce?
was the term added to the dictionary?
did she appear on the cover of GQ?
was she on the Sports Illustrated cover?
did Beyonce first make the Time 100 List?
was she again on the Time 100 List and on the cover?
Beyonce was with Destiny's Child, how many albums did she manage to sell?
did she receive the Legend Award?
did Beyoncé receive the Legend Award?
did she set the record for most Grammy awards won in one night?
did Beyonce begin doing Pepsi advetisments?
was her second perfume, Heat Rush, released?
did Beyonce begin her deals with name brands?
was the disagreement settled out of court?
will the new line launch?
is Topshop located?
was it discovered Beyonce was a co-owner of the music service, Tidal?
was it announced that Beyonce was a co-owner in Tidal?
did Beyonce and her mother start Dereon?
were items from the clothing line displayed?
did Beyonce partner with C&A to sell fashion in Brazil?
will the full line appear?
did Chopin grow up?
did Chopin die?
did he end up living when he was 21?
did Chopin create the majority of his compositions?
did Chopin create most of his works?
was Chopin born?
was his birthday recorded as being?
was Chopin's father from?
did Frédéric live with his family while they were in Warsaw?
did Chopin's family move to Warsaw?
did Chopin's father get a teaching position?
did Chopin live with his family in Warsaw?
did Chopin spend his vacation in 1824 and 1825?
did Chopin receive his last Conservatory report?
did Chopin visit Berlin?
did Chopin debut after completing his studies?
did Chopin return to Warsaw?
did Chopin make his debut after completing his education?
did Chopin intend to go after Austria?
Chopin started to take his music to the world, what is the last name of the person who went with him to Austria?
did Chopin reach Paris?
did Julian Fontana fail to get established?
were Chopin and Fontana students together?
did Chopin debut at Salle Pleyel ?
did Chopin receive his first major endorsement from Robert Schumann?
did Chopin prefer to play for people?
were Frédéric's parents located at when he saw them for the final time in 1835?
did Chopin meet Felix Mendelssohn?
did Chopin propose marriage to Maria Wodziński?
did Chopin and Hiller go with the person Chopin met in the spring of 1834?
was Chopin's first concert in Paris held?
was the first time Liszt and Chopin performed together?
did Liszt and Chopin last perform together?
Liszt lived close to Chopin, where did he call home?
did Frédéric and Sand venture to after Majorca became unlivable when it was discovered they were not married?
did Chopin and Sand become lovers?
did Chopin and Sand go between November 1838 and February 1839?
did Chopin and Sand stay in Valldemossa?
was Sand's estate located where they stayed for the summers until 1846?
did Frédéric and Sand move to in 1842 in buildings next to each other?
did the group travel to after Barcelona?
was Sand's home?
did they travel after leaving Barcelona?
did Chopin and Sand move to in 1842?
did they spend most summers until 1846?
did Chopin show signs of serious illness?
did Chopin's relationship with Sand start to deteriorate?
did Chopin end his relationship with Sand?
did Chopin last perform?
was the first fictionalized account of Chopin's life?
was the first fictionalized account of Chopin's life created?
was the fictionalized "Chopin" produced?
was the fictionalized "Chopin" produced?
did Ulrich do his sonnet on Chopin?
did Pabst record his Chopin performance?
is the International Chopin Piano Competition held?
was the International Chopin Piano Competition established?
did Chopin head to during the Revolution of 1848?
did Chopin go in the spring of 1848?
did Chopin stay while in London?
was Chopin's initial performance?
did Jane Stirling invite Chopin?
was Chopin invited to in late summer?
did Chopin last appear in public?
was Chopin's last public performance?
was Chopin's last public performance?
did Chopin return to Paris?
did his friends found Chopin an apartment in 1849?
did Jenny Lind visit Chopin?
did his sister come to stay with Chopin?
was Chopin's funeral held?
was Chopin's funeral held?
was Op. 74 published?
did Chopin's work start t oshow up?
were Poles scattered to?
was the Mongol-Tibetan alliance started?
did the Five Dynasties and Ten Kingdoms period of China take place?
did the Song dynasty take place?
did Kublai Khan conquer the song dynasty?
did the Yuan dynasty rule?
did Khubilai seek support as Emperor?
did the yuan dynasty start and end?
did Ayurbarwada Buyantu Khan reign?
is the China Tibetology Research Center located?
the lamas received an invite from the emperors, who did they send instead?
were the envoys sent?
did the Ming first request Tsongkhapa to come to court?
did the Ming court send a second request to Tsongkhapa?
was Chosrje Shākya Yeshes sent to Nanjing?
did the Yongle Emperor send Yang Sanbao?
did Yongle Emperor send Yang Sanbao into Tibet?
did the Yongle Emperor invite Deshin Shekpa to his court?
did Hou Xian and Zhi Guang return to Nanjing?
did Hou Xian and Zhi Guang travel through on their way to the Karmapa?
did Deshin Shekpa travels start?
did the Yongle Emperor greet the Karmapa?
was the Linggu Temple located?
was the edict written?
did Deshin Shekpa die?
did the Hongwu Emperor use military force in Tibet?
was the Marquis Mu Ying commissioned to quell?
were the Mongols trying to raise?
did the Ming hold the divide and rule policy?
did the the prince of Rinbung occupy Lhasa?
was Gelug was given the right to conduct the New Years prayer?
did the Zhengde Emperor rule?
was the Manchu Qing dynasty invasion?
does P. Christiaan Klieger work?
was Tibet included into the territory of Yuan dynasty's China?
was China Daily started?
did the Jiajing Emperor reign?
did Altan Khan make peace with the Ming dynasty?
did the 5th Dalai Lama gain political control over Tibet?
did Sonam Gyatso die?
did the Wanli Emperor grant the title Master of Vajradhara to Yonten Gyatso?
did the conquest of Tibet reach its peak?
were the Rinbung princes overthrown?
did Karma Phuntsok Namgyal reign?
did Güshi Khan resettle his tribe?
did the Ü-Tsang forces surrender?
did the Kangxi Emperor occupy Lhasa?
was The Qing dynasty garrison established in Tibet?
did the Qianlong Emperor reign?
was the original iPod released?
were images of new iPod colors leaked?
can people using iPods on planes view the device's interface?
are the controls located on the 3rd gen iPod Shuffle?
was the Apple iTunes Store launched?
were videos made available through the iTunes store?
did Apple begin selling entire films through the iTunes store?
were full-length moved added to the iTunes store?
the iTunes store was launched, what type of file format was used?
did Apple reveal that most of the iTunes selection was free from DRM?
did Apple receive a decision on its attempt to patent rotational user inputs?
did Creative and Apple come to an agreement over their intellectual property issues?
did iPod become the leader in digital music device sales?
did HP unveil their own edition of the iPod?
did Apple reveal it had achieved its highest quarterly earnings to date?
is Royal and Western Infirmaries located?
did iPod owners take issue with the fragility of the iPod screen?
was the Foxconn plant located?
was Twilight Princess launched in North America?
could GameCube owners purchase Twilight Princess?
was Australia Twilight launched in North America?
could GameCube owners purchase Australian Princess?
does the Waker take place?
is the HD version of Twilight Princess slated for launch?
is the HD version of Radar Princess slated for launch?
can players see what action will be performed in different scenarios?
can players see what action will be performed in different rocks?
is the speaker located on the Wii console?
is the speaker located on the Midna console?
is Link working as a ranch hand?
is Midna working as a ranch hand?
do the Zoras come from?
do the Eldin come from?
does Midna take Link after he acquires the Master Sword?
is Ganondorf located after Zant's defeat?
does Midna take Link after he acquires a beast?
is Link located after Zant's defeat?
does Link depart from at the end of the game?
does Ganondorf depart from at the end of the game?
did Nintendo preview the horseback riding feature?
did the company release a trailer of the horseback riding aspect?
did Nintendo preview the Phantom riding feature?
did the company release a trailer of the Phantom riding aspect?
did Nintendo provide a limited number of Twilight Princess previews?
did Nintendo announce Zelda would appear on the Wii?
did Nintendo provide a limited number of Wii previews?
did Nintendo announce Zelda would appear on the GameCube?
did Nintendo announce both versions of Twilight Princess would be available at the Wii launch?
Twilight Princess was finally released for Wii, in what hand did Link wield his sword?
Twilight Princess was finally released for Wii, in what hand did Aonuma wield his sword?
was the soundtrack of Twilight Princess made available?
were track versions of the game's sountrack released?
was the soundtrack of Hylian made available?
were plans for Twilight Princess HD revealed?
will the game be released in America?
were plans for Nintendo Direct revealed?
did Twilight Princess place among Wii titles according to IGN?
did Twilight Princess rank on Nintendo Power's list of Nintendo games in the 2000s?
did Twilight Princess place among Nintendo Power titles according to IGN?
did Twilight Princess rank on Game Radar's list of Nintendo games in the 2000s?
was a high-definition manga based on Twilight Princess first released?
was Diamonds are Forever released?
was the first screening of Spectre?
does Bond go after his suspension?
does Sciarra's funeral take place?
does JAmes find Dr. Swann?
is L'Americain located?
is the L'Americain hotel?
is Bond brought after he is kidnapped?
does Blofeld get arrested?
did hackers get into the Sony Pictures e-mail system?
were the actors in Spectre announced?
was the main cast revealed in December 2004?
was the opening scene of Spectre filmed?
was the pre-title scene in Spectre filmed?
did initial shoots for the film take place?
did Spectre begin production in Austria?
did the Austrian filming of Spectre finish?
was the Hoffler Klinik supposed to be located?
is the real Hoffler Klinik located?
in England were scenes shot that represented a location in Rome?
did Spectre filming take place after Rome?
were the scenes featuring planes shot?
in Mexico were the Day of the Dead scenes shot?
did Craig go to deal with his injury?
did Craig go back to work?
is MI6 based?
were the scenes of Ralph Fiennes in a restaurant shot?
stunt scenes on the Thames shot during the day or the night?
did production go to after leaving London?
was the soundtrack of Spectre first available for purchase in the UK?
was the theatrical trailer of the movie released?
was the main theme of Spectre made available in digital format?
was the first teaser trailer of Spectre released?
was the first showing of Spectre held?
did the film open with $14.6 million despite the 11 November Paris attacks?
was the film projected to gross $80-85 million in its opening weekend?
was support expressed for the censored film?
will work being on the follow-up to Spectre?
will the sequel to Spectre being development?
was the epicenter of the earthquake?
was the epicenter?
is the Longmenshan fault located?
wasmost of the energy released during the initial eruption?
was the confidential written report sent to the State Seismological Bureau?
was Geng's drought-earthquake correlation theory released?
on the fault is the possibility of future earthquakes increased?
were the aftershocks recorded?
did the latest magnitude 6 aftershock occur?
did this earthquake occur?
did this earthquake occur?
should you look for more details?
was the August 30, 2008 quake?
is the Longmenshan Fault located?
is the Longmen shan fault located?
are the Beichuan and Guanxian-Anxian Faults?
were office buildings evacuated?
did the airport re-open?
did the reporters say they saw cracks on walls of some buildings?
were office towers evacuated?
did a cargo train derail as a result?
did a cargo train derail?
did two chemical plants collapse?
were the exchanges based?
were companies located that had their stock trading suspended?
were the internet cut?
is Yingxiu located?
is health care poor in China?
did an investigation occur under school casualties?
was the official tally of students killed in the earthquake released?
did the Chinese government decide that parents who had lost children could go for free treatment?
did China create a seismic design code for building?
was the aftershock of August 5 that caused widespread hill slides?
did the plan rise to Level I?
did 22 of the relief team come from?
was an article reported about the scandal?
were most of the surviving children?
did parents go to mourn their children?
is Children's Day?
were surviving children living?
was a Seismic Risk Analysis published?
were the soldiers under commander Yang Wenyao trying to go?
was the foundation based?
did Beijing agree to aid from Taiwan?
did a rescue team depart?
did the chartered flight from Taiwan land?
did the Red Cross team from Taiwan land?
did groups from South Korea, Japan, and others arrive in China?
did rescue helicopters have trouble landing?
did the government open access to?
was the most precarious quake lake located?
was the worst of the quake lakes located?
is Mount Tangjia?
did the Chinese hold a moment of silence?
was the relay scheduled to take place?
was the torch relay supposed to take place?
was there a minute of silence during the relay?
is the Sangzao Middle School?
are the Chinese going to perform safety checks?
did he call the schoolhouses shoddy?
did the sentencing occur?
was the article published about the case?
did China formally ask for help from the international community?
did the English take over the area from the Dutch?
was New York City established?
was the first European to visit the area of NYC?
was Juan Rodriguez born?
was as African burial ground discovered after the building of new courthouse?
did the English army start to retreat and evacuate NYC during the Battle of Long Island?
was slavery completely outlawed in the state of New York?
was construction finished on the United Nations Headquarters?
did the Stonewall riots happen?
was the Empire State Building constructed?
was the Chrysler building built in NYC?
did the United States Geological Survey released its seismic hazard analysis?
was the lowest temperature recorded in NYC?
did Hurricane Sandy strike New York?
was Fort Hamilton built?
is the "Chocolate District" located?
was I ❤ NY first used in advertisements?
in Central Park are performances offered at no cost?
was the New York Daily News founded?
was the Manhattan Neighborhood Network created?
is the fire department's training academy located?
was the most recent superbowl held in NYC for football?
is the Cornell University/Technion-Israel Institute of Technology located?
was the Guggenheim built?
does the aerial tramway that starts on Roosevelt Island terminate?
did To Kill a Mockingbird first get circulated?
was To Kill a Mockingbird made into a movie?
did a play for the book begin to perform every year in Monroeville, Alabama?
did Harper Lee pass away?
was the second book published?
did Lee die?
did Lee attend college?
did Lee attend law school?
is the setting for To Kill a Mockingbird?
do Jem, Scout, and Dill observe the trial of Tom Robinson?
do the three children watch the trial?
did Truman Capote live in relation to Lee?
does Jem trap a fellow peer of school in the story?
did the Montgomery Bus Boycott take place?
was the first major controversy that surfaced from the book?
did Harper Lee begin refusing interviews and questions about the book?
did Lee receive a Presidential Medal of Freedom?
did Lee randomly show up at the Los Angeles Public Library?
was the play for To Kill a Mockingbird first performed?
was Go Set a Watchman introduced to the public?
does solar energy come from?
is the solar radiation not reflected back to space absorbed?
do the majority of renewable energies derive their energy from?
did Shuman build the world's first solar thermal power station?
was the first solar thermal power plant built?
was the interest in solar energy restored?
was the first large solar distillation plant created?
is solar power is foreseen to become the largest source of electricity?
is the largest solar power plant in the world located?
were the first greenhouses used?
were the first modern greenhouses built?
was The World Solar Challenge started?
was the first solar powered boat made?
was the first unmanned flight by a solar powered plane made?
was the first solar powered manned flight made?
did the Solar Challenger cross the English Channel?
did Eric Scott Raymond fly using a solar powered plane in 1990?
do off-grid PV systems store excess electricity?
water is released due to high demand, the pump become swhat?
did the use of solar water heaters in the US first begin?
is Kanye West's birthday?
did Kanye West live as a child?
did Kanye West's mother work before becoming his manager?
did Kanye and his mother relocate when he was 10?
did Kanye receive a scholarship to attend?
did Kanye West start his production career?
was The College Dropout finally released?
was 808s & Heartbreaks released?
did Kanye's famous mic-grab incident occur at?
did Kanye base himself to create his next album?
was Kanye West's fifth album debuted?
did Kanye premier a film directed by himself in 2012?
did Kanye begin production on his sixth album?
did Kanye perform his single "All Day" with a menagerie of other artists?
did Kanye West annouce his Pastelle Clothing line?
did Kanye debut his second effort in the fashion world?
was Kanye's last Fatburger restaurant closed?
was the "Kanye West Foundation" founded?
did Kanye West post to Twitter apoloizing to Taylor Swift?
did Kanye take back his apology to Taylor Swift, saying that he was being "selfless"?
does Kanye intend to run for president?
did Alexis Phifer and Kanye West get engaged?
did Kanye West start dating Kim Kardashian?
in Jerusalem did Kardashian and West have their daughter North baptised?
was Donda West's funeral?
did Kanye first speak on his mother's death?
did Kanye West first speak about his mother's death?
was the suit settled?
did Knievel settle the argument with West?
was Kanye arrested at for the second time?
did the Buddha live?
was Buddha alive?
did Buddha reside when he was alive?
was Buddha thought to live?
approximately was Buddha alive?
does Theravada have the largest following?
was the Buddhagohosa written?
was Siddhārtha Gautama born?
did Siddhārtha Gautama live?
did we find proof of his existence?
he was 35 Gautama sat in meditation under what tree?
the eight factors are developed together, is leads to the cessation of what?
did Gautama Buddha discover the Middle Way?
is the monastic vinaya displaced and clergy is allowed to marry?
was the first documented translation efforts by foreign Buddhist monks in China?
did Buddhism apread from India to Tibet?
did a number of modern movement in Buddhism emerge?
does the name theravada come from?
is there a growing presence of Theravada?
did Mahayana sutras start to influence the behavior of mainstream buddhists in India?
did American Idol first air on TV?
did Fox announce that American Idol is ending?
did Pop Idol premiere in Britain?
did American Idol change to a four-judge panel?
did Paula Abdul quit as a judge?
did Simon Cowell announce he was no longer going to be a judge?
did Steven Tyler become a judge?
was Shania Twain a guest judge for auditions?
did Donna Summer help the contestants during the final rounds?
was the age limit increased to 28?
did the wildcard round become a factor?
studio hosts the live final rounds on American Idol?
are the finals broadcast from?
do contestants start singing two songs?
three are called, one is often sent to what?
does the Fan Save start?
was the season one finale broadcast from?
did American Idol debut?