Exchequer Gordon Brown on Tuesday named the current head of the
Former senior banker Callum McCarthy begins
Former senior banker Callum McCarthy begins what is one of the
, when incumbent Howard Davies steps down .
Davies is leaving to become chairman of the
Davies is leaving to become chairman of the London School
As well as previously holding senior positions at Barclays
Kleinwort Benson , McCarthy was formerly a top civil servant at
Russian President Vladimir Putin 's summit with the leaders of Germany
alliance following the end of war in Iraq , government sources
's nuanced position over the war in Iraq was becoming ever
Russia , France and Germany pay for the Iraqi war .
Germany pay for the Iraqi war . "
three leaders before the US-British invasion of Iraq that UN approval
But the Saint Petersburg summit ended without any formal declaration
's staunchest backer in the war on Iraq , to attend
war on Iraq , to attend the pow-wow in Saint Petersburg
Iraq , to attend the pow-wow in Saint Petersburg 's Grand
internal hostility to the US war stance .
his resignation during a 10-minute meeting with the head of state
The current government was formed in October 2000 .
of Lebanon 's 15-year civil war in 1990 , the prime
Married for the second time ,
northeastern state of Tripura were hacked to death by a tribal
of Tripura were hacked to death by a tribal mob for
to 30 armed men Wednesday attacked a house belonging to a
of a family and ( killed ) them with machetes and
with machetes and spears before fleeing the area , " the
" the spokesman said by telephone from Agartala .
group within the village to eliminate them , " the spokesman
Police have arrested four people in connection with
people in connection with the killings .
to be a swift US-led campaign in Iraq .
diplomacy experts told a Kremlin-run forum that countries like China and
that said little about the conflict before its March 20 launch
use it to prevent the war -- recently won its role
Negotiations between Washington and Pyongyang on
region by organizing such a meeting .
fences by placing a telephone call Tuesday to Bush .
before the start of the war .
and often reverts to Cold War stereotypes , " said former
was impossible to avert this war . "
with European resistance to the campaign was focused more on Paris
They are scheduled to meet next in the Russian leader
nothing and won nothing -- this was not our war ,
-- this was not our war , " said liberal lawmaker
Russia 's opposition to a war in Iraq to fears that
Putin will face re-election in March 2004 and analysts
and analysts noted that the war -- while opposed by most
that this will affect the elections unless Russia 's failure in